Welcome to the Docker for Web Developers course.
My name is Dan Wahlin,
and I'm a web developer and software architect and really excited about
the potential that Docker offers us as web developers.
Now, any time you start with a new technology,
you want to know the benefits that it's going to bring to you,
and we're going to start with that at the very beginning of the course.
From there,
we'll jump into installing Docker on a Windows machine and on a Mac and learn
about the tools and commands you can use to work with Docker,
including key Docker client commands you can run, such as docker pull,
which will pull images from Docker Hub.
We'll learn about what an image is,
how you can convert that into a running container, and how the
layered file system plays a role behind the scenes.
By the time we're done,
we'll have an entire development environment set up using
something called Docker Compose. And this is a really powerful
technology for the development environment,
and you'll see the process from start to finish of
building a fully functional website.
So we have a lot of great stuff to cover in this course.
As I said, I'm really excited about the technology, so let's jump into the official agenda for the course.